Contributing
============

Development requirements
------------------------

* Linux or OS X
* Docker

Adding a new word list
----------------------

You can create a static word list by creating a `wordlists/NEW_LIST_NAME.words`
file. That being said, it is preferred to have a word list automatically
generated by a script in `scripts/` directory. See existing scripts for an
example how to do that. Beware! Most of these scripts are currently ugly,
terrible hacks, which should probably be rewritten from scratch in the first
place.

Changing existing word list
---------------------------

Please never change automatically generated word lists by hand. Instead, adjust
the respective script in `scripts/` directory, then re-run the script before
committing your changes and sending a PR.

Word list style guidelines
--------------------------

* When writing word lists, preferably use Vim's straight word list format (see
  `:help spell-wordlist-format` for details). So far the plugin has not been
  tested with other Vim-supported formats (e.g. .dic and .aff).
* All auto-generated lists must start with a comment indicating which script is
  used to update them. There is a helper in `scripts/common.sh` to generate
  such comment at the first line of the file.
* All manually-edited lists should start with a comment explaining the main
  theme/topic of the list.
* Words should be split into topic-specific files. We prefer to have many tiny
  lists instead of few large ones.
* Word lists can be split into smaller sections (separated by double newline),
  although all sections should still relate to the same main topic. If they
  don't, split them into separate files.
* Words should be sorted alphabetically within a list. If your word list is
  divided into multiple sections, sort each section individually.
